in this opportunity we are going to review what
is and its characteristics of the link
metal
here we can observe the periodic table
of the chemical elements
in color calipso which is the majority of the
table we see the metallic elements
the metallic elements differ
with the rest of the elements of the
metalloids non-metals and gases
noblemen by a series of characteristics
that make them behave in a way
determined by forming a link
so the metal bond is presented
only between metals either the same
metal or two or more different metals
metals tend to give up electrons
to become cations a cation
it's a million that has a positive charge
that is to say that it has lost electrons
but they do not do it randomly is
say they do not lose electrons so
random but they lose exactly
the amount of electrons that are left over
to make the nearest noble gas
previous
for example here we see the equation of
oxidation of sodium in state
fundamental that becomes cations
sodium or sodium plus one losing a
electron
if we observe the configuration
Sodium electronics in state
elementary
1 s 2 2 s 2 263 s 1
we see that the valence electron is
This corresponds to the one at the level
highest level 3
and it is not paired ie it is a
helpless electron
the noble gas above if we see the table
periodic is the lion that has the
next electronic configuration
12 12 22 p 6
that is to say
sodium has all the electrons in the
Lion
adding his valence electron
and therefore if it loses it's electron
is going to turn
in the search in sodium with the same
electronic configuration than a gas
noble which suits you a lot since
your electronic cloud stabilizes
the atoms of a metal in state
elementary are not stable by the same
reason that I already mentioned the electron of
valencia does not stabilize when being so
close the possibility of being a gas
noble and therefore metals have
a special behavior when they are
in the mental stable
for example the aluminum foil we see that
shines this is because all the cores
of aluminum
they give up their valence electrons that
would be three and these remain in the
surface of aluminum what gives it
the bright
both this one and any metal
let's review a question to see if
we understood these concepts
it is understood as a metallic element
those who earn electrons are
lose electrons
to achieve the configuration
electronics of a noble gas share
its valence electrons and d for
achieve the electronic configuration of
noble waves yield their electrons from
Valencia
I underline the keywords of each
alternative
the alternative to is incorrect since
the metals
they never earn electrons but tend
rather to the contrary
the baby alternative is correct
the alternative is not correct since
the electrons of a metal do not
share the link
only the chemical lace in the
which the electrons of each atom are
share is the covalent and occurs between
two non-metals is therefore discarded
the alternative c
and the d is correct since effectively
a metal yields its valence electrons
to achieve the configuration
electronic of a noble gas
therefore the correct alternative is
the one since it also contains the
alternative sees when you say that you give up your
valence electrons